hello and that he may be
castriot pro today I make you
a comparison between the galaxy s 4 and the
xperia z
so I want to first show you the
design of the two games you compare the
eggs and then I conjure you
also compare a little the fluidity of
devices then first left there
bequeathed rest 4 and the right there is the
xperia z then already we see that it's
not at all the same design we see that
already already this one is totally
reverse and that one is plastic
so it's not at all the same
I have in the back we see that it's
not at all the same thing either huh
then the gorna the 3 megapixel sensor
on both sides here here and here
then we have the led flash here and there
do not know if it's a led flash
it is less powerful than that of
galaxy s 4g then notice down the
galaxy s 4 we have the speaker that of the
xperia z is here then already on the on
the right slice here kind compare
then on the right slice of both
appliances
so we will compare with the pop jazz
we'll do like that sooner then here
on the right edge of the galaxy s 4 we have
the same on / off button here then we have
on the experience is always right
we have the volume the shower volume
then we hide it here for the map
sim
here is the cash for the post
helmet
here we have the microphone jack for the headphones
such forgiveness
then we have the infrared sensor for
order the tv on the galaxy s 4 here
here we have the microphone here on
the strange left
then we assure the galaxy the xperia z
sorry we have the cash to plug it into
the computer sector here we have the cash
for the the micro SD card there for the
dock
here we just have the volume knob in
here and before balla we have a hen
which was not a button touch it here
is activated here no here it's a button
hot as they say but it's a barrel
then press it
and always the same there we have
multiple sensors or galaxy s 4g
for the gestures thing is also we have the
seeing it notification on both but
we also have the 2 megapixel camera here and
right here
So here we are already going to compare for
the screen the screen of the two I'm here
it's an amoled hd and the other one is a
sony screen which is less good for
according to me end for me it is less
well already we will compare the already seen
a difference tac
here we are not going too much on the camera but
when we shift to the side with the
xperia zeal the colors are a little
pale while on the galaxy s cats
always the same thing then already on the
fluidity of the menu it's not the same thing
no longer so it's very very fluid
see and it's a little less fluid
that's it ream a few times
this is then on the galaxy s katz and
the android 4.2.2 coop reads on the
xperia z
c
the acetate shirt and here it is
the sony interface it's not at all the
same thing no longer tech so then to
sorry for the picture quality it's not
terrible
we've already tied yes it's not
all the same thing we have a lot more
of options and so here is
battery level
I have no big difference I
I saw after one thing that's pretty much
the same thing for both of you so here
what else can I say
on the two devices down is pretty much
near the same price I believe now
samsung lowered the price of galaxy s 4
the xperia zeal and 500 euros too I
mourn her breast at 500 euros
so that's what I can say
on both tech
here I am glad I am going to buy
of galaxy s 4
So here I have it is much more
fluid
on the other hand on the gala proud-es four
ways the standard is abusing a little bit that's the
galaxy s 4 and ticket is a little bit more
fast is much more fluid
here is the xperia z good after it is
not waterproof and therefore this also is
a lot more option on that there it is
why I made you a short
comparison between the xperia z and the
galaxy s 4 that's up to the boss and itouch the
crisis to pro tools a comparative between
these two devices
thank you